feat: create-llama - add local pdf file option (#430)
run-llama/LlamaIndexTS: .changeset/stale-geckos-bathe.md

---
"create-llama": patch
---

> add a new option to select local PDF file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an option to select a local PDF file as data source
```
